Let's show you both ways in which you can go ahead and
download the source code for our course here.
The first is going to Pluralsight's website where
you're already viewing this video from,
and you'll notice on the main page for this course there is
an Exercise files tab as one of the menu items that you can
choose under the course header.
And if you click on Exercise files,
it will go ahead and give you the option to download the exercise files here.
And it's a ZIP file, it's got a before and after for each module,
it contains all the slides and everything else.
I won't go into any more detail here because it's really
straightforward and already has instructions on how to do that.
So that's the first way you can go ahead and grab the source code.
The second way is to go to GitHub,
and I've pulled up another browser window and typed in
the URL github.com/bh5k/spring‑jpa.
So you can see right there in my address bar.
And if you actually look at the header of my source code,
you can see it typed out there as well for bh5k/spring‑jpa,
and this is just a repository I have,
and that will take you to the main page for this course
and the branches and all of the source code that's
associated with it is available here.
Now if you're already familiar with Git and GitHub,
you already know that you can fork this and pull it into your own personal
repository and go ahead and start developing on it from there.
But if you're not, don't worry about it.
We're not going to go into that level of detail.
If you know that, go ahead and execute it that way.
If not,
you can just go ahead and click the download Code button
here and choose to download a ZIP file.
It will download really fast because it doesn't contain any binaries,
just the source code for this application.
Navigating to the directory where your browser downloaded that zip file,
you'll see that you have a spring‑jpa‑main.zip,
or whatever your download was, maybe you grabbed the exercise files,
but the setup is pretty much the same from here on out.
Double‑click that and expand this folder.
I'm going to start off by renaming this to conference.
That's the name that our application is going to have inside of here.
And I'm going to copy that into my dev/workspace directory.
So,
yours may be c:/dev or you may be working on a Mac or a
Linux‑based system where it's just /dev,
/workspace, wherever your workspaces at.
I'm going to copy that folder into my workspace.
And typically that's enough, but I do have other projects,
so I'm going to create a new folder, call this spring‑jpa,
and copy that conference folder into spring‑jpa.
And inside of here, I'll now see that I've got a couple of hidden files,
my .gitattributes, .gitignore, and then some setup information.
But really the two that I care about are our pom.xml and our source file,
which are both contained here now.
And we can go ahead and fire up our IDE to load this project in.
Launching my IDE for the first time to import this,
it'll bring up this dialog asking me what I want to do,
if I want to create a new project, import it,
open or get one from version control.
I'm going to go ahead and say Import Project,
and I'm going to point that to the directory that we just created.
So,
dev/workspace/spring‑jpa/conference and just choose that directory and
select Open, and it will bring up a dialog where I can select Maven and say
Import project from external model, and choose Finish, and your IDE will
pull up with the application all configured,
installed, and ready to go.
We've got all of the pieces inside of here set up.
I'm going to walk through what the actual application does,
but for now it's all installed with Maven configured, your library is downloaded, and everything ready to start development.